Mighty Angry Bear,Plush Toys,24.59,Mighty Angry Bear will terrify your kids at bedtime! Help them have the most creative nightmares imagineable!
Haunted Hippo,Plush Toys,19.99,The Haunted Hippo delights by making ferocious howls in three different languages. Kids will have fun squeezing its tummy and watching its eyes roll to the back of its head!
Dismal Dan,Plush Toys,14.99,Pull Dismal Dan’s string and hear 16 different complaints about every day living. Help prepare kids for their future with realistic sayings from everyday life of being a grown up.
Creepy Crawlers Easy Bake Over,Learning Tools,79.99,Your little ones will have fun baking spiders and decomposing body parts with this easy-to-use oven. 220-volt is required.
Valefar the Seer Puzzle,Learning Tools,9.99,Bring the Valefar curse right into your living room with this family-friendly puzzle.  Once complete, use it to summon the ten legions of doom. Party favorite!
Severed Head Hank,Dolls,39.99,Hank will be your child’s new favorite friend. Replace imaginary buddy once and for all!  The severed head comes with two additional replacement heads with different styles.
Doctor Plague,Dolls,24.99,Doctor Plague comes with a doctor’s bag of goodies to help cure all that ails. Kids will have fun playing for hours with the doctor’s leeching and cupping kits.
Bite My Head Off,Games,14.99,Take the head of Bob in this fun game where the guillotine and the game collide!  See how many heads you can collect in a basket in 30 seconds. Who lives? Who dies? You decide!
Chucky,Dolls,29.99,The classic Chucky is available here to haunt your days and nights. This limited edition is available exclusively from Chucky’s Toy Kingdom. See what the excitement is about!
Bloody Molly Hatchet,Accessories,12.99,What playroom is complete without the Bloody Knife Hatchet?  This realistic hatchet is carved of Amazonian Rainforest trees and splattered with blood of nightmares will scare the little ones into eating all their spinach!
The Third Eye Glasses,Accessories,9.99,Make your friends believe you can put these on and see into the future. These 55mm frames project a multi-dimensional portal that you can enter. Warning: Safety harness sold separately. Currently unavailable.
Gloom and Doom,Games,24.99,Are you on the side of Doom or on the side of Gloom. One goal - one outcome - one battle to the finish.